[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> New documentary.
>> We are living through the
most extraordinary moment
in human history.
>> This week on "Gaia."
>> We have to understand
what cosmic consciousness is
and what the nature
of the cosmic mind is,
that is resonating within
every single human being
because that's the foundation
for the relationship between
humans and the civilizations.
>> On a new season of
"Cosmic Disclosure."
>> Having these pyramids
and being in these pyramids,
the manifestation process
is very accelerated.
>> On "Beyond Belief
with George Noory."
>> There is no
magic word, George,
to get your psychic
intuition going.
It's really no words.
It's a place of being quiet.
>> On "The Arc of Time."
>> If in fact, human beings
descend from star gods,
do the genetics of these
civilizations influence us?
And in what way?
>> Only on "Gaia."